What is your definition of love?
What are you working towards?
How is success defined and how do you define it?
What is the most enjoyable thing/task you do in your life?
Is it possible to know happiness without knowing some sort of sadness?
Do you feel like you are on the right path? (Only you can define the word 'right' in this context)
Do you live the life of an average person in your social climate?
What is your dream job? What are you doing to make it a reality?
What is the toughest obstacle you have faced in your life so far?
Do you believe in a higher being?
Do you think that life exists somewhere else in the Universe?
What would a Utopian world be like if you could design it?
Is the idea of nationality a help or hindrance to global happiness?
Does Music play a big role in your life?
Do you believe in souls or something of that nature?
What do you think happens when you die?
What was the defining moment in your life that made you who you are?
Should people be allowed to make laws/rules that affect how another human wants to live?
What are the qualities in Humanity that allowed us to move to the top of the food chain?
What is the difference between Humans and Animals, if any?
Looking at the growth of technology what do you think is the next step?
What's your biggest fear in life?
What is the end goal of humanity, what are we moving towards?
Do you think that consciousness will ever bridge the gap with technology?
Are you satisfied with your day to day life?
What do you think would happen if humans made contact with an Alien life form?
Do you think that you would be the same person (Psychologically) if you were born in a diferent country?
Who is the one person you couldn't live without and why?
If you could change one thing about the world what would it be?
What is the qualities you look for in a Lover?
What is the qualities you look for in a friend?
Are we born with an inherent moral compass or is it learned?
Do you think that you have free will? why?
How is intelligence measured? or can it be?
Do you think it's better to experience love and loose it or to never experience it?
At what age do we become conscious? or is it inherent in us all?
Is the Education system teaching us to become ourselves or to just be content with taking orders?
Do you care about what people think about you? At what point do you stop caring?
Can a limited brain capacity conceptualize truly what infinity is?
Do you believe in true love?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Is the journey or destination more important?
What do you think of the Death Penalty?
How do we develop our likes and dislikes?
Should we hold onto grudges or negative thoughts about things or people based on past events?
Is knowing our own mortality a blessing or a curse?
What is your happiest memory?
Have you ever experienced depression, what helped you overcome it if anything?
What are the common themes in the major world religions?
Have you ever taken a leap of faith with an dream and acted on it?
Are money and Happiness linked?
What was the last new thing you did?
How would you run your country differently?
What do you think the next big industry will be?
If money were no object what would you do?
Is morality subjective or objective?
What does the term God mean to you?
Are you happy with who you are? What would you change? Why haven't you yet?
How often do you let your ego make decisions for you?
Do you think religion is a help or hindrance to humankind?
Do you think religion is a help or hindrance to you personally?
What occupies your thoughts the most? Is it beneficial or harming?
Is there a part of you or your personality or character that scares you?
Do you hold a faith in anything, not just a religious belief?
What makes you feel vulnerable?
Do you feel you are more the watcher or the watched?
Are you attached to any luxuries? If so what are they?
Do you believe in self-directed personal growth or just going with the flow?
